docs(apim): add import api on quick start guide (#766)
gravitee-io/gravitee-docs: pages/apim/3.x/quickstart/api-publisher/api-publisher-ui.adoc

You need to complete one more step before your API is ready to be used by your consumers: click **PUBLISH THE API** to display the API in APIM Portal.

image::{% link images/apim/3.x/quickstart/publish/graviteeio-create-first-api-7.png %}[]

== Import your API with APIM Console

Alternatively you can import an existing API specification.

We are going to use an existing API specification. For this example, we’ll use the link:{{'https://petstore.swagger.io/v2/swagger.json'}}[Swagger PetStore API example, window=\"_blank\"]. Download a copy, and click ‘Import’ and then ‘Choose File’ on the next screen:

image::{% link images/apim/3.x/quickstart/publish/graviteeio-import-api-1.png %}[]
image::{% link images/apim/3.x/quickstart/publish/graviteeio-import-api-2.png %}[]

> . Once the file has been selected, you will have some additional options available to you. Again, in an upcoming blog post we’ll go into more detail, but for now, ensure that you have the circled options also selected:

Reviewer: I'm not a huge fan of this kind of sentence in a documentation:
```suggestion
. Once the file has been selected, you will have some additional options available to you. In this quick example, we will focus on 2 options only. Check that they are selected :
```
